README.md, before:

# PEGGLE DATA COLLECTOR

## If you don't know what's peggle why are you even here xD

one day i am gonna take good care of this ;-;

## TODO / v2.0

---

things i wanna implement:

- [ ] hash all the stored passwords
- [ ] add jwt for user authentication
- [ ] add OAuth2.0 (github OAuth seems the best option so far)
- [ ] add full search algorithm (mongob atlas offer that but means migrate to atlas)
- [ ] let user query a date like 2021-2-4 and convert it to 2021-02-04
- [ ] check if a structure has default values (means not modified)

todo for this version:

- [x] colors on buttons in add-game
- [x] user section
- [x] stats database
- [ ] add function that let user clean just a section of the game adding function and not only everything
- [ ] section to add a comment while inserting a game
- [ ] dont create a button in commit area if there are none
- [ ] users section
- [ ] main page
  - [ ] home with all the basic general statistics
  - [ ] individual game page with all the stats of the game
  - [ ] players stats (use stats databaes) (scatter graph, bar graph, pie graph)
  - [ ] api documentation area
  - [ ] support area (my paypal or buymeacoffe)
  - [ ] story of the idea (why am i doing this and effort)

Commit message:

changed some style in card, added the navbar and main functions of it, need to work on the js of the page now, and a multi page scroll with buttons, added some images

README.md, after:

# PEGGLE DATA COLLECTOR

## If you don't know what's peggle why are you even here xD

one day i am gonna take good care of this ;-;

## TODO / v2.0

---

things i wanna implement:

- [ ] hash all the stored passwords
- [ ] add jwt for user authentication
- [ ] add OAuth2.0 (github OAuth seems the best option so far)
- [ ] add full search algorithm (mongob atlas offer that but means migrate to atlas)
- [ ] let user query a date like 2021-2-4 and convert it to 2021-02-04
- [ ] check if a structure has default values (means not modified)

todo for this version:

- [x] colors on buttons in add-game
- [x] user section
- [x] stats database
- [ ] add function that let user clean just a section of the game adding function and not only everything
- [ ] section to add a comment while inserting a game
- [ ] dont create a button in commit area if there are none
- [ ] users section
- [ ] main page
  - [ ] home with game's cards, navbar and search box
  - [ ] individual game page with all the stats of the game
  - [ ] players stats (use stats databaes) (scatter graph, bar graph, pie graph)
  - [ ] api documentation area
  - [ ] support area (my paypal or buymeacoffe)
  - [ ] story of the idea (why am i doing this and effort)
